feat(hooks): useResizeObserver custom sizes (#298)
GetJobber/atlantis: packages/hooks/src/useResizeObserver.mdx

<Playground>
  {() => {
    const [
      ref,
      { width, exactWidth, exactHeight, height }
    ] = useResizeObserver();
    return (
      <div ref={ref}>
        <Card title={`Check out my àçƈéñŦ`} accent={getAccent()}>
          <Content>
            <Text>Width: {width}</Text>

>             <Text>Height: {height}</Text>

Reviewer: What do you think of either taking these out or changing the label to `Width Step` and `Height Step`?

const [ref, { width, height }] = useResizeObserver<HTMLDivElement>();
return <div ref={ref}>...</div>;
```

## Breakpoints

`useResizeObserver` exports an object of `Breakpoints`. This can be used for
high level components such as `Page`

```tsx
import { Breakpoints } from "@jobber/hooks";
```

### The `Breakpoints` object:

export function Sizes() {
  return <code>{JSON.stringify(Breakpoints)}</code>;
}

<Sizes />

## Custom Sizes

> `useResizeObserver` can take a custom `width` or `height` object if you do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useResizeObserver` can take a custom `widths` or `heights` object if you do not
```

want to use `defaultSizes`.

<Playground>
  {() => {
    const customWidths = {
      small: 480,
      medium: 640,
      large: 768
    };
    const [ref, { width, exactWidth }] = useResizeObserver({
      width: customWidths
    });
    return (
      <div ref={ref}>
        <Card title={`Width: ${getCurrentWidth()}`} accent={getAccent()}>
          <Content>

>             <Text>Width: {width}</Text>

Reviewer: Same here.
